Some docs fixes (#2530)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/intro/concepts/resources/options/parent.md

The `parent` resource option specifies a parent for a resource. It is used to associate children with the parents that encapsulate or are responsible for them. Good examples of this are [component resources](/docs/intro/concepts/resources/components/). The default behavior is to parent each resource to the implicitly-created `pulumi:pulumi:Stack` component resource that is a root resource for all Pulumi stacks.

{{% notes type="warning" %}}

> Although the `parent` resource option can be used to parent a resource to any other resource, it is only recommended to parent resources to [component resources] they are children of.  Parenting a resource to another [custom resource] can in some cases result in undefined behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the `parent` resource option can be used to parent a resource to any other resource, it is strongly recommended to parent resources only to [component resources] when they are actually children.  Parenting a resource to another [custom resource] can in some cases result in undefined behavior.
```

> Although the `parent` resource option can be used to parent a resource to any other resource, it is strongly recommended to parent resources only to [component resources] when they are actually children.  Parenting a resource to another [custom resource] can in some cases result in undefined behavior.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although the `parent` resource option can be used to parent a resource to any other resource, it is strongly recommended to parent resources only to [component resources](/docs/intro/concepts/resources/components/) when they are actually children.  Parenting a resource to another [custom resource](/docs/intro/concepts/resources/) can in some cases result in undefined behavior.
```
